Zhang Yuning
Can't you see my little sisters don't have a drink?
Hurry up and bring it over
Jiaojiao, this receptionist is dressed in dirt.
On such a big occasion as the engagement party
This kind of stuff can occupy the door
It's all my fault
Let him come and see the world
Know what the upper class is
Your cheetah bracelet
It was originally Cartier for the wedding dress.
Specially customized by the Duchess
Once sold at a Soapy auction for a sky-high price
Then he disappeared
Through what channel did you buy it?
Is it? It was specially given to me by the applicant
I don't know where he bought it from.
Must have put a lot of thought into it
With your gift studded with 1,314 carats of diamonds
Serving means a lifetime
Guo Yuting really loves you, thank you.
Mother-in-law, you are here.
This seems to have been seen in the office before, right?
He is a small employee
He also worked as a secretary for Yunting before
I was fired by Yunting before I came to implement the work
There is such a thing
I guess it's because of his chaotic private life
He got pregnant without even getting married
I also see him with a poor belly
Let him earn some milk powder money
I think he was stabbed because he failed to seduce Yunting
I've seen a lot of little girls like this
Handled a lot
Jiaojiao, you are kind-hearted
Someone like this
It's early
Auntie, I am resigning voluntarily, not being fired.
And I'm a bachelor by my own ability.
Nothing to do with children
I never thought of marrying into a wealthy family
So please turn to the high valley
Tell him not to mess with me again
Yunting will provoke you
Big joke
Jiang Yining, are you crazy?
I'm about to marry Yunting
I will be Mrs. Gu soon
That may be a daughter
Who would jump and get pregnant?
Does he have paranoia?
It is possible to fall in love with Gu Yunting
Granddaughter-in-law, I also see that you are engaged to Yunting